---
title: Dino Crisis
layout: post
category: her
---
Two days ago we almost had a crisis (or did we actually have one?). I remembered this resident-evil-like video game (mostly because of the name) but with dinosaurs instead of zombies and thought how life is like that (in a very stretching the analogy way, and it works for most games as well): you have to keep alert for the dinosaurs ahead, they will keep coming. And the more you advance through your game (relationship) the worse the dinosaurs you find. But that's ok because now you are equipped to deal with them. The funny thing about this kind of games is that “monsters” seem to be only of one kind. It's like the same monster all over. Again and again. And I thought about how this can be the case in the relationship. You keep finding the same problem again and again, because it's the same source. And the theme of the game.

But then, it's a bit of a stretch. Doing analogies is what we do in order to understand certain things in life, but we sometimes forget that we were just doing that and try to stretch it too much. Human interactions are complicated. So I will try to stop worrying so much about possible dinosaurs ahead.

I this this can be a sort of self fulfilling prophecy. You worry so much about what can happen that you make it happen (no, not like The Secret). You neglect the present bliss because you're afraid of a future harm, thus harming the current perfectly happy state. You put your mind at worry and stress over something that hasn't happened. You start feeling the consequences. Besides creating ingenious analogies, human brains also excel at making the body believe it is in a certain situation it is not. Thus we get anxious and get physical signs of that anxiety, we get nervous, sad, angry , all of that just by thinking, and the body reacts. And the mind reinforces that. And then the vicious circle is created. And what a comfortable circle it is. What comfort in keeping being angry when you're angry, sad when you're sad. What an amazing comfort not having to change. You can go really down from there.

Of course, at some point, you have to remember what's more important to you. And when that happens it's all about making a decision. And as far as I'm concerned, any decision would be correct. So we made a choice. And we're there. Not actively thinking about the dinosaurs, but a bit more prepared for them.
