---
title: All right
layout: post
category: her
---
‘Everything is going to be alright.’ 

It's hard to remember how that feels. The words are easy. And the feeling gets easier with the help of the words. I think we will be fine. I remember how good it felt. How I could really see myself doing all that. The emotion. The inner peace. Sometimes thinking about the future doesn't create anxiety.

---
My foot felt really good today. It has been improving in the last month. Mainly thanks to this new approach: actually helping it recover. I know it may seem obvious, but it wasn't obvious to me at the moment. Even when I actually thought about it and started doing some stuff on my own, I wasn't really sure. And I wasn't smart enough to look it up. Doctors and therapists told me to leave it alone.  And then he came, and with all the improvement that he brought to my life, working mobility and control was one of them. So today I remembered that and felt thankful for him in that respect.

He has given me a new range of feelings, emotions and sensations, and I treasure all that. It makes our relationship quite fulfilling in the emotional and sexual side. But he has also helped me to improve my body (and mind?). 

It all started with the handstands, and from then on I just kept learning from him. I changed my approach to working out and training in general. I set up new goals for my body. This was the season of control. And even though he's not physically here anymore, everytime I work out the way we use to do, I feel him close. I really hope I'm improving and next time we see each other I'm better with my body. I think I'm working on that, but I think I could work harder. I can always work harder. There are so many things I'm working on. And I'm really happy I can incorporate things that I learnt from him. 

The cold, rational side of me is also pleased by this. He really is a good partner and I think we have the important things covered. I may have doubts and fears (mostly, fear of the unknown), but I am certain he is the best partner I have ever had. And hopefully, the last one. 

See you always, cowboy!

