---
layoutlayout: post
title: Time
category:her
---
It's been more than three weeks since he left. Sometimes I feel that a lot of time has passed, for both things: a lot of time together before he left and a lot of time since he's been away. Sometimes, I feel as if no time has passed since he went away. It feels as if we had been a long time together and then just briefly separated. Most of the time, I don't feel that I miss him at all; but then it strikes me, and I miss him a lot. And yet, I feel fine. 

I know time perception is weird. We talk a lot during the day, we videochat almost everyday and I write to him while he sleeps, which, to me is as if we were talking in real time. We send photos and videos. We even watched a movie together, sending audio comments to each other and all. I enjoy these things, it fulfills an important role in this relationship and, less important for the relationship but a bit important for my personality and curiosity, it fulfills a side of me that I hadn't explored before but definitely defines my personality. I get to explore all the intellectual (as opposed to sensorial) properties of this relationship. And I enjoy that.

I get anxious about time, for most things. I don't really like the idea of “forever" and I don't like the idea of waiting indefinitely. Somehow, 'forever' feels really good with him, and waiting time doesn't matter anymore (could I be more cliché?). I get anxious about other things as well, but I somehow feel at ease with him. I actually don't feel anxious in cases I usually get anxious with other people, including past men who have come close to me. I think we have become really close to each other. But such little time has passed in 'real life’ that I shouldn't really say it is because he knows me better, but he does. And this is the part where time gets all weird. We have spent little total time physically together but we became very close; and we have spent almost the same time apart, but I don't feel that it has harmed our closeness in any way; in fact, it has boosted it in many other aspects. 

I feel confident about this. And I like that. We'll keep doing our best. I love you.


