---
layout: post
title: sex
category: her
---
A relationship, to me, can be based on many things, all of them valid. There is no one single important thing a good relationship can be based on. Maybe it’s music, maybe it’s food, maybe it’s training, maybe it’s a strong fetish for pinky toes, what have you. In all those cases, I think that as long as the people involved are happy, they are good (needless to say, people around them shouldn’t stick their noses in there). So, recently, I’ve wondered, what if our relationship is based on sex? That doesn’t mean I had thought that sex was the only thing, buy what if it was the most important thing. I think it would be fine, I have no real problem with that, but then, it wouldn’t be my ideal relationship. 

After a while, I noticed that sex is not the most important thing, but sure is one of the most important. I  think there are things that are fundamental to this relationship. Those include (to me) (not in order of importance) (I’m not listing love because I think it’s more of an epiphenomenon of all of those): sex, companionship, care, goals in life, way of living, humor, training. I think that without any of those, this relationship wouldn’t be what it is; it wouldn’t be what I want. 

So, it’s not just sex, or it’s not fundamentally just sex, but it is fundamentally sex, among other things. 

I still can’t fully grasp where does the love I feel come from. I think there is no one specific reason. I don’t believe in souls or spirits in the usual meaning of those. I don’t believe in destiny or in “meant to be”. But I do believe in love and commitment. And I am fully in love and committed to this relationship, to him. 

Te adoro. 

