---
layout: post
title: What do you want fom me
category: her
---
I write to him, every day. Every day in the chat, almost every day in notes I write specially for him, and sometimes here. And yet, he complains that I don’t write as often as I used to.

I send him pics every day. Sometimes of my face and activities. Sometimes of things I find interesting or amusing in my day. And yet, he complains.

I send him kisses everyday. Sometimes in the form of emoticons, sometimes photos of me. And yet he complains.

I tend to his emotional needs. I try to be there if he needs me. I pay attention to every word he tells me about his day. And yet, he complains.

I pay full attention to him when we videochat. Even though he is doing something else and not paying attention to me. And yet he complains.

I will go to visit him, and I have made plans to find a way to stay with him wherever he is. I have made plans to do as much as I can. And yet he complains. 

What do you want from me?

---

I miss his smile, I miss his frown, I miss his voice and his touch. We’ll soon be together, but then apart again, and this will be a constant in our relationship. 

Four months have passed, and time has taken its toll. We now argue more. Or something like that. I’ve read about that, and also seen it in other relationships around: people who get upset and argue over unimportant things, because once the *magic* is gone, reality bites real hard. I don’t really want to become one of those couples. I rather be alone. Always.

And I know that he loves me, and I know that he cares. And I really want to be with him forever. But I want this to be a fun and relaxed relationship, just as it was at the beginning. Maybe we miss each other too much, but we have to be better than that.


